Documentation for version 6.0.0 #240 (#241)
enonic/lib-guillotine: README.adoc

Guillotine library exposes the read-only part of the Enonic Content API, 
including access to the Enonic query language. 
Guillotine dynamically analyzes all available content types in applications and 

> generates a GraphQL API specific to your site or to your XP instances in the siteless mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generates a GraphQL API specific to your site or all repositories in the siteless mode.
```

== Breaking changes

=== 6.0

- `ExtraData` type became a dynamic type with fields that are generated based on form descriptors of the x-data and grouped by application key.

> - Naming for `ItemSet` and `OptionSet` types were changed, from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Naming for `ItemSet` and `OptionSet` types was changed, from:
```
